[15.1.1] Changelog (#1650)
OntimizeWeb/ontimize-web-ngx: CHANGELOG.md

## 15.1.1 (2024-07-12)
### Features
* **o-radio**: New input `label-gap` ([27ab61d](https://github.com/OntimizeWeb/ontimize-web-ngx/commit/27ab61d)) Closes [#1643](https://github.com/OntimizeWeb/ontimize-web-ngx/issues/1643)

### Bug fixes

> * **o-table**: Fixed that allow selecting all with `selection-mode='simple'` ([f02ee98](https://github.com/OntimizeWeb/ontimize-web-ngx/commit/f02ee98)) Closes [#1642](https://github.com/OntimizeWeb/ontimize-web-ngx/issues/1642)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **o-table**: Fixed problem that allows selecting all with `selection-mode='simple'` ([f02ee98](https://github.com/OntimizeWeb/ontimize-web-ngx/commit/f02ee98)) Closes [#1642](https://github.com/OntimizeWeb/ontimize-web-ngx/issues/1642)
```

> * **o-date-input**: Fixed that the `getValueAsDate()` method it still maintains the value after calling the clearValue() method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **o-date-input**: Fixed `getValueAsDate()` method that stills maintaining the value after calling clearValue() method
```
